.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md, before:

---
name: Feature request
about: Suggest an idea for KidCode
title: '[FEATURE] '
labels: 'enhancement'
assignees: ''
---

**Is your feature request related to a problem? Please describe.**
A clear and concise description of what the problem is. Ex. I'm always frustrated when [...]

**Describe the solution you'd like**
A clear and concise description of what you want to happen.

**Describe alternatives you've considered**
A clear and concise description of any alternative solutions or features you've considered.

**Use Case**
Describe how this feature would be used. For example:
- "As a teacher, I want to..."
- "As a student learning to code, I need..."
- "When creating turtle graphics..."

**Example**
If applicable, provide an example of how this feature might work:
```kidcode
# Example of proposed feature
newCommand parameter1 parameter2
```

**Educational Value**
Since KidCode is designed for learning programming:
- How would this feature help students learn?
- What programming concepts would it teach?
- Is it age-appropriate for the target audience?

**Additional context**
Add any other context or screenshots about the feature request here.

**Implementation Ideas**
If you have ideas about how this could be implemented, feel free to share them (but don't worry if you don't!).

**Would you be willing to help implement this feature?**
- [ ] Yes, I'd like to work on this
- [ ] I can help with testing
- [ ] I can help with documentation
- [ ] I can only provide feedback

Commit message:

Address CodeRabbit feedback from PR #35
- Fix CHANGELOG.md format with proper Unreleased section and link references
- Add direct security advisory link in SUPPORT.md
- Add Contributing Guide and Code of Conduct links to issue template config
- Standardize title format from '[BUG] ' to '[BUG]: ' in bug report templates
- Standardize title format from '[FEATURE] ' to '[FEATURE]: ' in feature request
- Add PII redaction reminder to error message fields
- Add required KidCode version field to bug report YAML template
- Add Code of Conduct reminder to feature request markdown template

These changes improve the documentation structure, enhance security reporting,
and standardize issue template formats for better consistency.

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md, after:

---
name: Feature request
about: Suggest an idea for KidCode
title: '[FEATURE]: '
labels: 'enhancement'
assignees: ''
---

**Is your feature request related to a problem? Please describe.**
A clear and concise description of what the problem is. Ex. I'm always frustrated when [...]

**Describe the solution you'd like**
A clear and concise description of what you want to happen.

**Describe alternatives you've considered**
A clear and concise description of any alternative solutions or features you've considered.

**Use Case**
Describe how this feature would be used. For example:
- "As a teacher, I want to..."
- "As a student learning to code, I need..."
- "When creating turtle graphics..."

**Example**
If applicable, provide an example of how this feature might work:
```kidcode
# Example of proposed feature
newCommand parameter1 parameter2
```

**Educational Value**
Since KidCode is designed for learning programming:
- How would this feature help students learn?
- What programming concepts would it teach?
- Is it age-appropriate for the target audience?

**Additional context**
Add any other context or screenshots about the feature request here.

**Implementation Ideas**
If you have ideas about how this could be implemented, feel free to share them (but don't worry if you don't!).

**Would you be willing to help implement this feature?**
- [ ] Yes, I'd like to work on this
- [ ] I can help with testing
- [ ] I can help with documentation
- [ ] I can only provide feedback

---
By submitting this issue, you agree to follow our Code of Conduct:
https://github.com/Sansi-28/KidCode/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
